and she does she will immediately go go
on up to the high bar tip cast handstand
beautifully done
now the blind hath Jaeger coming up
right here perfectly done for Jessie
Jordan handstand right up on top now the
overshoot handstand
very nicely done Toshi back up to the
high bar she's working nice bars to each
other news hot now the giant second
giant now the double way and she t-bones
the landing the first up landing of a
height for the Tigers very nicely done
she'll move now into her switch leap
straddle quarter combination and there
it is and the straddle quarter nicely
done
and is now a hometown Tiger due to what
front aerial light into Marlon Williams
be jumping into her sheep jump nice got
her feet now setting up for the dismount
the flip-flop lay out full of stuck the
landing switch Lee intermedius switch
leap into the half feet jump
she goes front aerial straddle jump she
has plenty of experiences those backhand
layout step-out gorgeous effort thereby
skill and
beyond her years gainer Pike off the end
is solid for the Tigers
now Justice Ivana breaks into a big
smile
chuckling past
scam the double way nice
handspring front pool but lane
4965 away from a perfect 197 score
here's Jesse Jordan's fault your chinko
and here's the freshman at a sophomore
now from Lake Mary Florida down the
runway will she go with a 1 and a half
she just goes with the booty o'clock
hole instead and takes a pump back on
the landing gymnast working here in the
arena at the moment down the runway she
goes round off handspring distance not a
lot of fight tonight
you know there's a little mistakes here
and there but really what it finds us is
how we come back from that our team
rallied together and fought to the end
and we did what we could I feel really
good about it I mean we had mistakes
here and there but we didn't let that
affect us you know we kept fighting and
fighting and fighting and we kept
lifting each other back up and that's
what it seems supposed to do you know be
there for each other and tough times and
I'm just really proud of us coming
together as a family tonight we really
pulled it together on floor and we just
made the floor our own and we had such a
positive energy and everyone fought for
every single landing and we would have
all and we created more positive energy
and we wanted it so bad it didn't matter
what the scores were or what other
people were doing we were only focusing
on each other and ourselves as a team
and I think we did a great job and the
rest of the season is going to be great